CONTRIBUTING.md, before:

# Contributing

Thank you so much for wanting to help make Infra successful. Community contributions are really important and help
us make Infra better.

## Types of Contributions

### Report Bugs or Suggest Enhancements

We use [GitHub Issues](https://github.com/infrahq/infra/issues) to track bug reports and feature requests. We're always
looking for ways to improve the project, and well written issues help us find things we may have missed. Before filing an issue though,
please check to see if it has been filed before.

When filing the issue, we ask that you use good bug/feature etiquette. Make sure that you:
 * Use a clear and descriptive title
 * Include a description of what you expected to happen
 * Attach a screenshot if relevant
 * Include the Infra and Kubernetes versions you're using
 * Describe where you're running Kubernetes


### Fix a Bug or Implement a Feature

If you'd like to help fix any bugs or contribute a new feature, please first make sure there is an [issue](https://github.com/infrahq/infra/issues) filed.

Any issues tagged with `bug` or `good first issue` make great places to start. Issues tagged with `enhancement` are
changes that we're thinking of making in the future. If you want to talk about an issue more, check out our [discussions page](https://github.com/infrahq/infra/discussions).

Our repository follows GitHub's normal forking model. If you have never forked a repository before, follow GitHub's
documentation which describes how to:
  * [Fork a repo](https://docs.github.com/en/get-started/quickstart/fork-a-repo)
  * [Contribute to projects](https://docs.github.com/en/get-started/quickstart/contributing-to-projects)

When you are ready to commit your change, follow [Conventional Commits](https://www.conventionalcommits.org/en/v1.0.0/)
for your commit message.

Commit message:

improve(ci): document the commitlint types
and reference them from the contributing doc.

CONTRIBUTING.md, after:

# Contributing

Thank you so much for wanting to help make Infra successful. Community contributions are really important and help
us make Infra better.

## Types of Contributions

### Report Bugs or Suggest Enhancements

We use [GitHub Issues](https://github.com/infrahq/infra/issues) to track bug reports and feature requests. We're always
looking for ways to improve the project, and well written issues help us find things we may have missed. Before filing an issue though,
please check to see if it has been filed before.

When filing the issue, we ask that you use good bug/feature etiquette. Make sure that you:
 * Use a clear and descriptive title
 * Include a description of what you expected to happen
 * Attach a screenshot if relevant
 * Include the Infra and Kubernetes versions you're using
 * Describe where you're running Kubernetes


### Fix a Bug or Implement a Feature

If you'd like to help fix any bugs or contribute a new feature, please first make sure there is an [issue](https://github.com/infrahq/infra/issues) filed.

Any issues tagged with `bug` or `good first issue` make great places to start. Issues tagged with `enhancement` are
changes that we're thinking of making in the future. If you want to talk about an issue more, check out our [discussions page](https://github.com/infrahq/infra/discussions).

Our repository follows GitHub's normal forking model. If you have never forked a repository before, follow GitHub's
documentation which describes how to:
  * [Fork a repo](https://docs.github.com/en/get-started/quickstart/fork-a-repo)
  * [Contribute to projects](https://docs.github.com/en/get-started/quickstart/contributing-to-projects)

When you are ready to commit your change, follow [Conventional Commits](https://www.conventionalcommits.org/en/v1.0.0/)
for your commit message. The type must be one of `fix`, `feat`, `improve`, or `maintain`. These types are
documented in the [commitlint config file](.github/commitlint.config.js).
