docs/manual.md, before:

# Manually manage users

## Configure Infra

Configure Infra via `infra.yaml` with a single admin user:

```yaml
$ cat <<EOF | kubectl apply -f -
apiVersion: v1
kind: ConfigMap
metadata:
  name: infra
  namespace: infra
data:
  infra.yaml: |
    permissions:
      - user: example@acme.com
        permission: view
EOF
```

## Create a user and log in

Create the user and login token via `kubectl`:

```
$ kubectl -n infra exec infra-0 -- infra user create example@acme.com
usr_js08jsec08

$ kubectl -n infra exec infra-0 -- infra token create usr_js08jsec08
sk_r6Khd35Dt3Q4KgyuPFw2NkRkGpgorI8uyDgpW215quR7
```

Finally, log in as `example@acme.com` with the token created in the previous step:

```
$ infra login --token sk_r6Khd35Dt3Q4KgyuPFw2NkRkGpgorI8uyDgpW215quR7 infra.acme.com
✔ Logging in with Token... success
✔ Logged in as example@acme.com
✔ Kubeconfig updated
```

That's it. You now have cluster access as `example@acme.com` with read-only `view` permissions.

```
$ kubectl get pods -A
kube-system   coredns-56b458df85-7z4ds          1/1     Running   0          2d4h
kube-system   coredns-56b458df85-wx48l          1/1     Running   0          2d4h
kube-system   kube-proxy-cxn9c                  1/1     Running   0          2d4h
kube-system   kube-proxy-nmnpb                  1/1     Running   0          2d4h
kube-system   metrics-server-5fbdc54f8c-nf85v   1/1     Running   0          46h

$ kubectl delete -n kube-system pod/kube-proxy-cxn9c # permission denied
```

Commit message:

- New interactive login experience for Okta and built-in providers - Use JWTs instead of hashed tokens - Use Sqlite for a database instead of boltdb for more powerful querying - note this introduces a CGO dependency and complicates builds - Add deploy/dev.yaml for easy testing in development with Docker for Mac - Don't expose a load balanacer by default for customers using ingress or other ways of exposing services - Replace "engine" subcommand with "server" for clarity - Remove token commands and api calls (except POST /v1/token to create tokens) - Experimental UI (behind --ui flag) - Dont allow deleting oneself - Remove printing when running "infra users create" or "infra users delete"

docs/manual.md, after:

# Manually manage users

## Configure Infra

Configure Infra via `infra.yaml` with a single admin user:

```yaml
$ cat <<EOF | kubectl apply -f -
apiVersion: v1
kind: ConfigMap
metadata:
  name: infra
  namespace: infra
data:
  infra.yaml: |
    permissions:
      - user: admin@example.com
        permission: admin
EOF
```

## Create a user and log in

Create the user and login token via `kubectl`:

```
$ kubectl -n infra exec infra-0 -- infra user create admin@example.com passw0rd
admin@example.com
```

Finally, log in as `admin@example.com` with the token created in the previous step:

```
$ infra login infra.example.com
? Email admin@example.com
? Password **********
✔ Logging in with username & password... success
✔ Logged in...
✔ Kubeconfig updated
```

That's it. You now have cluster access as `admin@example.com` with with `admin` permissions.

```
$ kubectl get pods -A
kube-system   coredns-56b458df85-7z4ds          1/1     Running   0          2d4h
kube-system   coredns-56b458df85-wx48l          1/1     Running   0          2d4h
kube-system   kube-proxy-cxn9c                  1/1     Running   0          2d4h
kube-system   kube-proxy-nmnpb                  1/1     Running   0          2d4h
kube-system   metrics-server-5fbdc54f8c-nf85v   1/1     Running   0          46h
```
