docs/okta.md, before:

# Okta

This guide will walk you through the process of setting up Okta as an identity provider for Infra. At the end of this process you will have updated your Infra configuration with an Okta source that looks something like this:
```
sources:
  - type: okta
    domain: acme.okta.com
    clientId: 0oapn0qwiQPiMIyR35d6
    clientSecret: infra-okta/clientSecret
    apiToken: infra-okta/apiToken
```

## Contents

* [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
* [Setup](#setup)
    * [Create an Okta App](#create-an-okta-app)
    * [Add Okta secrets to the Infra registry deployment](#add-okta-secrets-to-the-infra-registry-deployment)
    * [Add Okta information to Infra registry](#add-okta-information-to-infra-registry)
* [Usage](#usage)
    * [Login with Okta](#log-in-with-okta)
    * [List Okta users](#list-okta-users)

## Prerequisites

* [Install Infra](../README.md#install)

## Setup

### Create an Okta App 

1. Login to the Okta administrative dashboard.
2. Under the left menu click **Applications > Applications**. Click **Create App Integration** then select **OIDC – OpenID Connect** and **Web Application**, and click **Next**.

![okta_applications](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/5853428/124651126-67c9e780-de4f-11eb-98bd-def34bea95fd.png)
![okta_create_new_app](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/5853428/124651919-60efa480-de50-11eb-9cb8-226f1c225191.png)

3. For **App integration name** write **Infra**. For **Sign-in redirect URIs** write `http://localhost:8301`. Click **Save**.

![okta_new_web_app_integration](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/5853428/124652225-b88e1000-de50-11eb-8da3-36af6ba28bd8.png)

4. On the **General** tab, **note** the **Client ID**, **Client Secret**, and **Okta domain** for adding your Okta information to Infra registry later.

![okta_application](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/5853428/125355241-a3febb80-e319-11eb-8fc6-84df2509f621.png)

5. Navigate to **Security > API**, then click the **Tokens** tab. Create a new Token by clicking **Create Token**. Name it **infra**. Note this token value for later.

![okta_create_token](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/5853428/124652451-0276f600-de51-11eb-9d22-92262de76371.png)
![okta_api_token](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/5853428/124652864-787b5d00-de51-11eb-81d8-e503babfdbca.png)

### Add Okta secrets to the Infra registry deployment
The Okta client secret and API token are sensitive information which cannot be stored in the Infra configuration file. In order for Infra to access these secret values they must be stored in Kubernetes Secret objects **in the same namespace that the Infra registry is deployed in**.

Create [Kubernetes Secret objects](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/configmap-secret/) to store the Okta client secret and API token (noted in steps 4 and 5 of `Create an Okta App` respectively). You can name these Secrets as you desire, these names will be specified in the Infra configuration.

#### Example Secret Creation
Store the Okta client secret and API token on the same Kubernetes Secret object.
```
kubectl create secret generic infra-okta /
--from-literal=clientSecret=jfpn0qwiQPiMIfs408fjs048fjpn0qwiQPiMajsdf08j10j2 /
--from-literal=apiToken=001XJv9xhv899sdfns938haos3h8oahsdaohd2o8hdao82hd /
```

### Add Okta information to Infra registry

Edit your [Infra configuration](./configuration.md) (e.g. `infra.yaml`) to include an Okta source:

```yaml
sources:
  - type: okta
    domain: acme.okta.com
    clientId: 0oapn0qwiQPiMIyR35d6
    clientSecret: infra-okta/clientSecret # <kubernetes secret object name>/<key of the secret>
    apiToken: infra-okta/apiToken

users:
  - name: admin@example.com
    roles:
      - name: admin
        kind: cluster-role
        clusters:
          - cluster-AAA
          - cluster-BBB
  - name: developer@example.com
    roles:
      - name: writer
        kind: cluster-role
        clusters:
          - cluster-AAA
```

Then apply this config change:

```
helm upgrade infra infrahq/infra --set-file config=./infra.yaml --recreate-pods
```

### List users

```
$ infra users
EMAIL                 CREATED               ADMIN
jeff@example.com      About a minute ago
michael@example.com   About a minute ago
elon@example.com.     About a minute ago
tom@example.com       About a minute ago
mark@example.com      About a minute ago
admin@example.com     5 minutes ago         x
```

### Login with Okta

```
$ infra login <INFRA_REGISTRY_EXTERNAL_IP>
? Choose a login method  [Use arrows to move, type to filter]
> Okta [example.okta.com]
✔ Logging in with Okta... success
✔ Logged in...
✔ Kubeconfig updated
```

Commit message:

Give the registry permission to read namespace secrets(#187)
- Update the registry helm chart to grant the service account permission to read secrets in the current namespace
- Specify that infra should not run in the default namespace in the docs
- Update Makefile for local development

docs/okta.md, after:

# Okta

This guide will walk you through the process of setting up Okta as an identity provider for Infra. At the end of this process you will have updated your Infra configuration with an Okta source that looks something like this:
```
sources:
  - type: okta
    domain: acme.okta.com
    clientId: 0oapn0qwiQPiMIyR35d6
    clientSecret: infra-okta/clientSecret
    apiToken: infra-okta/apiToken
```

## Contents

* [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
* [Setup](#setup)
    * [Create an Okta App](#create-an-okta-app)
    * [Add Okta secrets to the Infra registry deployment](#add-okta-secrets-to-the-infra-registry-deployment)
    * [Add Okta information to Infra registry](#add-okta-information-to-infra-registry)
* [Usage](#usage)
    * [Login with Okta](#log-in-with-okta)
    * [List Okta users](#list-okta-users)

## Prerequisites

* [Install Infra](../README.md#install)

## Setup

### Create an Okta App 

1. Login to the Okta administrative dashboard.
2. Under the left menu click **Applications > Applications**. Click **Create App Integration** then select **OIDC – OpenID Connect** and **Web Application**, and click **Next**.

![okta_applications](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/5853428/124651126-67c9e780-de4f-11eb-98bd-def34bea95fd.png)
![okta_create_new_app](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/5853428/124651919-60efa480-de50-11eb-9cb8-226f1c225191.png)

3. For **App integration name** write **Infra**. For **Sign-in redirect URIs** write `http://localhost:8301`. Click **Save**.

![okta_new_web_app_integration](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/5853428/124652225-b88e1000-de50-11eb-8da3-36af6ba28bd8.png)

4. On the **General** tab, **note** the **Client ID**, **Client Secret**, and **Okta domain** for adding your Okta information to Infra registry later.

![okta_application](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/5853428/125355241-a3febb80-e319-11eb-8fc6-84df2509f621.png)

5. Navigate to **Security > API**, then click the **Tokens** tab. Create a new Token by clicking **Create Token**. Name it **infra**. Note this token value for later.

![okta_create_token](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/5853428/124652451-0276f600-de51-11eb-9d22-92262de76371.png)
![okta_api_token](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/5853428/124652864-787b5d00-de51-11eb-81d8-e503babfdbca.png)

### Add Okta secrets to the Infra registry deployment
The Okta client secret and API token are sensitive information which cannot be stored in the Infra configuration file. In order for Infra to access these secret values they must be stored in Kubernetes Secret objects **in the same namespace that the Infra registry is deployed in**.

Create [Kubernetes Secret objects](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/configmap-secret/) to store the Okta client secret and API token (noted in steps 4 and 5 of `Create an Okta App` respectively). You can name these Secrets as you desire, these names will be specified in the Infra configuration.

#### Example Secret Creation
Store the Okta client secret and API token on the same Kubernetes Secret object in the namespace that Infra registry is running in.
```
kubectl create secret generic infra-okta \
--namespace=infrahq \
--from-literal=clientSecret=jfpn0qwiQPiMIfs408fjs048fjpn0qwiQPiMajsdf08j10j2 \
--from-literal=apiToken=001XJv9xhv899sdfns938haos3h8oahsdaohd2o8hdao82hd
```

### Add Okta information to Infra registry

Edit your [Infra configuration](./configuration.md) (e.g. `infra.yaml`) to include an Okta source:

```yaml
sources:
  - type: okta
    domain: acme.okta.com
    clientId: 0oapn0qwiQPiMIyR35d6
    clientSecret: infra-okta/clientSecret # <kubernetes secret object name>/<key of the secret>
    apiToken: infra-okta/apiToken

users:
  - name: admin@example.com
    roles:
      - name: admin
        kind: cluster-role
        clusters:
          - cluster-AAA
          - cluster-BBB
  - name: developer@example.com
    roles:
      - name: writer
        kind: cluster-role
        clusters:
          - cluster-AAA
```

Then apply this config change:

```
helm upgrade infra infrahq/infra --set-file config=./infra.yaml --recreate-pods
```

### List users

```
$ infra users
EMAIL                 CREATED               ADMIN
jeff@example.com      About a minute ago
michael@example.com   About a minute ago
elon@example.com.     About a minute ago
tom@example.com       About a minute ago
mark@example.com      About a minute ago
admin@example.com     5 minutes ago         x
```

### Login with Okta

```
$ infra login <INFRA_REGISTRY_EXTERNAL_IP>
? Choose a login method  [Use arrows to move, type to filter]
> Okta [example.okta.com]
✔ Logging in with Okta... success
✔ Logged in...
✔ Kubeconfig updated
```
