docs/security.md, before:

# Security
We take security very seriously. This document provides an overview of Infra's security model.

If you have found a security vulnerability please disclose it privately to us by email via security@infrahq.com.

## General Security
### HTTPS
By default Infra and Infra engine communicate via encrypted HTTPS connections with validated certificates. When using self-signed certificates, an error will be printed in the logs. Certificate validation can be strongly enforced using the `--force-tls-verify` flag.

### Authentication
When users login to Infra as a valid user they are issued a session token with a 24 character secret that is randomly generated. The SHA256 hash of this token is stored server-side for token validation. This session token is stored locally under `~/.infra`.

When a user connects to a cluster after login, Infra issues a new JWT signed with an ECDSA signature using P-521 and SHA-512. This JWT is verified by the engine. If JWT and the user role is valid at the destination, the user is granted access.

## Deployment
When deploying Infra, we recommend Infra be deployed in its own namespace to minimize the deployment scope. 

## Sensitive Information

These secrets can be stored in a variety of [secret storage backends](secrets.md), including Kubernetes secrets, Vault, AWS Secrets Manager, AWS SSM (Systems Manager Parameter Store), and some simple options exist for loading secrets from the OS or container, such as: loading secrets from environment variables, loading secrets from files on the file system, and even plaintext secrets directly in the configuration file (though this is not recommended). With all types except for `plaintext`, the respective secret object names are specified in the configuration file and the actual secret is never persisted in Infra's storage. In the case of all secret types (including `plaintext`), the secret data is [encrypted at rest in the db](#Encrypted_At_Rest).

### Okta secrets
Infra uses an Okta application client secret and API token in order to allow users to authenticate via an OpenID Connect (OIDC) authorization code flow.

#### Okta client secret usage:
The client secret is loaded server-side from the specified Kubernetes secret only when a user is logging in via Okta.

#### Okta API token usage:
The Okta API token is only used for read actions. It is retrieved from the kubernetes secret when validating that the Okta connection is valid and when syncing users/groups.

## Encrypted At Rest

Sensitive data is always encrypted at rest. See [Keys](./keys.md) for more information.

Commit message:

Rename API token to access key

docs/security.md, after:

# Security
We take security very seriously. This document provides an overview of Infra's security model.

If you have found a security vulnerability please disclose it privately to us by email via security@infrahq.com.

## General Security
### HTTPS
By default Infra and Infra engine communicate via encrypted HTTPS connections with validated certificates. When using self-signed certificates, an error will be printed in the logs. Certificate validation can be strongly enforced using the `--force-tls-verify` flag.

### Authentication
When users login to Infra as a valid user they are issued a session token with a 24 character secret that is randomly generated. The SHA256 hash of this token is stored server-side for token validation. This session token is stored locally under `~/.infra`.

When a user connects to a cluster after login, Infra issues a new JWT signed with an ECDSA signature using P-521 and SHA-512. This JWT is verified by the engine. If JWT and the user role is valid at the destination, the user is granted access.

## Deployment
When deploying Infra, we recommend Infra be deployed in its own namespace to minimize the deployment scope. 

## Sensitive Information

These secrets can be stored in a variety of [secret storage backends](secrets.md), including Kubernetes secrets, Vault, AWS Secrets Manager, AWS SSM (Systems Manager Parameter Store), and some simple options exist for loading secrets from the OS or container, such as: loading secrets from environment variables, loading secrets from files on the file system, and even plaintext secrets directly in the configuration file (though this is not recommended). With all types except for `plaintext`, the respective secret object names are specified in the configuration file and the actual secret is never persisted in Infra's storage. In the case of all secret types (including `plaintext`), the secret data is [encrypted at rest in the db](#Encrypted_At_Rest).

### Okta secrets
Infra uses an Okta application client secret and access key in order to allow users to authenticate via an OpenID Connect (OIDC) authorization code flow.

#### Okta client secret usage:
The client secret is loaded server-side from the specified Kubernetes secret only when a user is logging in via Okta.

#### Okta access key usage:
The Okta access key is only used for read actions. It is retrieved from the kubernetes secret when validating that the Okta connection is valid and when syncing users/groups.

## Encrypted At Rest

Sensitive data is always encrypted at rest. See [Keys](./keys.md) for more information.
